Job Posting Date
2025-09-26
Additional Job Posting Location
New York City USA; Bridgewater USA; Austin USA; Santa Clara USA; Raleigh USA; Boxborough USA

Company:
Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.
Job Area:
Interns Group, Interns Group > Interim Engineering Intern - SW
General Summary:

About Qualcomm

Qualcomm relentlessly innovates transforming businesses, enriching lives and fortifying societies. Our solutions are pivotal in crafting a smarter, interconnected world. Building on our nearly 40-year history of era-defining technology breakthroughs, we deliver leading-edge AI, high performance, lower-power computing, and unrivaled connectivity. We’re proud to be the partner of choice to many of the world’s largest enterprises. Together with our ecosystem partners, we enable next-generation digital transformation. At Qualcomm, we are engineering human progress.

Join Us in Shaping the Future

At Qualcomm, we're committed to engineering human progress by delivering intelligent computing everywhere. We're passionate about harnessing the power of technology to transform industries and improve lives. Our early career programs offer limitless opportunities for growth, mentorship, and meaningful work. By joining our team, you'll be part of a community that's pushing the boundaries of what's possible in AI, computing, and connectivity. With a global footprint spanning over 30 countries, you'll have the chance to collaborate with diverse talent and contribute to projects that are shaping the future of technology.

Our early career programs are designed to attract inventive minds, offering a platform to contribute to our long-term innovation pipeline. You'll be part of a community that values collaboration, creativity, and continuous learning. Our programs provide real-world experience, technical skills, and professional development opportunities, empowering you to make a meaningful impact and achieve your career goals. Join us for our U.S. 2026 summer intern class!

Role Overview

As a Machine Learning / AI Engineering Intern, you will help build best-in-class solutions and tools that enable state-of-the-art technologies for next-generation mobile and embedded machine learning platforms. These platforms power smartphones, autonomous vehicles, robotics, and IoT devices. You’ll work in a dynamic research environment as part of a multi-disciplinary team of researchers and software developers, collaborating with internal teams, working with popular neural network frameworks, and gaining exposure to Qualcomm’s SOC compute and ML hardware accelerators. You will design, develop, and test software for machine learning tools and frameworks that make models smaller and more efficient for edge devices.

This internship supports the Machine Learning/ AI Engineering track. Based on your resume you will be aligned to projects within this track. 

Minimum Qualifications

Currently enrolled in a bachelor’s, master’s, or Ph.D. degree program in computer engineering, computer science, electrical engineering, or a related field

Must be available for 11–14 weeks during Summer 2026 (May–September)

Expected graduation date of  November 2026 or later

1+ years of experience with programming languages such as C, C++, Python

Preferred Qualifications

Currently enrolled in a Master’s or PhD degree program in computer engineering, computer science, electrical engineering, or a related field

Candidates actively pursuing a degree with an anticipated graduation between  November 2026 and June 2027 

Proficiency in deep neural networks, machine learning algorithms, and architectures (CNNs, RNNs, LSTMs)

Experience with ML frameworks like TensorFlow, TFLite, PyTorch

Skills in neural network programming, video/image processing, and application development

Knowledge of compiler frameworks (LLVM, GCC, TVM, XLA) and parallel computing

Understanding of linear algebra operations and fast math libraries

Theoretical knowledge of ML, deep learning, model compression, quantization, and optimization

Experience with reinforcement learning, neural architecture search, kernel optimization, Bayesian optimization

Familiarity with on-device training, transfer learning, personalization, federated learning, NLP, and ML security/privacy

Experience with deep generative models, audio/speech processing, NLP, computer vision, and wireless communication

Background in ML data pipelines, data management, backend/frontend applications

Research excellence with publications in NeurIPS, CVPR, ICML, ICLR, ICCV

Experience in object-oriented software design (OOSD)

Qualcomm’s Internship Program

Our interns join world-class teams to help define and build what is next for mobility and the world. You’ll be paired with a mentor with visibility to your project and team, receive support from your manager, and have access to the entire Qualcomm employee community to ensure your success. To round out your summer internship, we host professional development workshops, social events, cross-functional speaker sessions, and an executive speaker series. In addition to competitive hourly pay and accrued vacation time, you will receive relocation coverage and furnished housing accommodations for the duration of your internship.

Internship opportunities may be available in the following locations, depending on team and project needs: Austin, Boulder, Boxborough, Bridgewater, Chandler, Irvine, New York City, Louisville, Raleigh, San Diego, Santa Clara, and Seattle.

Application Process

By applying here, you are expressing interest in one of our many 2026 Qualcomm Machine Learning / AI Engineering internships. It is important to note that this is not a job posting for a specific project. We will review resumes on an ongoing basis, and a recruiter may reach out to you. Advancing candidates may be invited to complete a timed HackerRank challenge to evaluate their technical skill set.

Export Control Notice

This role may require an export license for candidates with citizenship in certain countries (see current country list below – subject to change). Qualcomm, like other companies, is experiencing significant delays in the export license process. Please be advised that if an export license is required, you may not be able to start work with Qualcomm until the license is granted, which may impact your ability to participate in the internship.

Countries requiring export: Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Burma (Myanmar), Cambodia, China, Cuba, Georgia, Hong Kong, Iran, Iraq, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Laos, Libya, Macau, Moldova, Mongolia, Nicaragua, North Korea, Russia, Sudan, Syria, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Ukraine, Uzbekistan, Venezuela, Vietnam, and Yemen.

Applicants: Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer. If you are an individual with a disability and need an accommodation during the application/hiring process, rest assured that Qualcomm is committed to providing an accessible process. You may e-mail disability-accomodations@qualcomm.com or call Qualcomm's toll-free number found here. Upon request, Qualcomm will provide reasonable accommodations to support individuals with disabilities to be able participate in the hiring process. Qualcomm is also committed to making our workplace accessible for individuals with disabilities. (Keep in mind that this email address is used to provide reasonable accommodations for individuals with disabilities. We will not respond here to requests for updates on applications or resume inquiries).

To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies: Our Careers Site is only for individuals seeking a job at Qualcomm. Staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles, applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered unsolicited. Qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications from agencies. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Qualcomm employees or any other company location. Qualcomm is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.

EEO Employer: Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer; all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or any other protected classification.

Qualcomm expects its employees to abide by all applicable policies and procedures, including but not limited to security and other requirements regarding protection of Company confidential information and other confidential and/or proprietary information, to the extent those requirements are permissible under applicable law.

 

Pay range and Other Compensation & Benefits:

$0.00 - $98.00
The above pay scale reflects the broad, minimum to maximum, pay scale for this job code for the location for which it has been posted. Even more importantly, please note that salary is only one component of total compensation at Qualcomm.  We also offer a competitive annual discretionary bonus program and opportunity for annual RSU grants (employees on sales-incentive plans are not eligible for our annual bonus).  In addition, our highly competitive benefits package is designed to support your success at work, at home, and at play. Your recruiter will be happy to discuss all that Qualcomm has to offer – and you can review more details about our US benefits at this link.

If you would like more information about this role, please contact Qualcomm Careers.


Job Application Privacy Notice
Job Application Privacy Notice


Use of AI in the Application Process
Use of AI in the Application Process


Equal Employment Opportunity
Equal Employment Opportunity

"EEO is the Law" Poster Supplement

Pay Transparency Non-Discrimination Provision

Employee Polygraph Protection Act

Family Medical Leave Act

Rights of Pregnant Employees

Discrimination and Harassment

California Family Rights Act

Qualcomm Right to Inspect